NIFI-3580 - configure TLS cipher suites (#5018)
apache/nifi: nifi-docs/src/main/asciidoc/administration-guide.adoc

|`nifi.web.https.host`|The HTTPS host. It is blank by default.
|`nifi.web.https.port`|The HTTPS port. It is blank by default. When configuring NiFi to run securely, this port should be configured.
|`nifi.web.https.port.forwarding`|Same as `nifi.web.http.port.forwarding`, but with HTTPS for secure communication. It is blank by default.

> |`nifi.web.https.includeciphersuites`|Cipher suites used to initialize the SSLContext of the Jetty https port.  If unspecified, the runtime SSLContext defaults are used.

Reviewer: Looks like this property name needs to be updated, also recommend changing `https` to uppercase `HTTPS`:
```suggestion
|`nifi.web.https.ciphersuites.include`|Cipher suites used to initialize the SSLContext of the Jetty HTTPS port.  If unspecified, the runtime SSLContext defaults are used.
```

> |`nifi.web.https.excludeciphersuites`|Cipher suites that may not be used by an SSL client to establish a connection to Jetty.  If unspecified, the runtime SSLContext defaults are used.

Reviewer: This property name also needs to be updated:
```suggestion
|`nifi.web.https.ciphersuites.exclude`|Cipher suites that may not be used by an SSL client to establish a connection to Jetty.  If unspecified, the runtime SSLContext defaults are used.
```
